[Multiple articles] Restructure table of contents (#150)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/users/assetcaching.md

---
title: Asset caching with vcpkg
description: Use asset caching with vcpkg to mirror your asset's downloads to improve build reliability.
author: vicroms
ms.author: viromer
ms.prod: vcpkg
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.date: 9/18/2023
---

> # Asset caching with vcpkg

Reviewer: I feel like 'with vcpkg' is kind of implied but :shrug:

Author: Three-letters: SEO

[!INCLUDE [experimental](../../includes/experimental.md)]

vcpkg can use download mirrors to upload and restore assets, ensuring continued operation even when

> the original download endpoints change or disappear.

Author: One more term for the "Glossary" article. I agree that we should add the "continuity of business to the bulleted list".

> Asset caching can help with these common development scenarios:
> 
> * Ensuring that download assets are available for continuous integration runs.
> * Mirroring download assets in a trusted location for air-gapped environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asset caching can help with these common development scenarios:

* Improving reliability of continuous integration runs.
* Mirroring download assets in trusted locations for air-gapped environments.
* Maintaining continuity of business if third party sources are changed or become unavailable.
```
